well howdy there internet people its Bo
again I had intended on doing something
funny this morning but I started trying
to get through some of my messages and
there's a whole lot of people asking me
to dissect the Fullerton incident the
message that caught my attention is Bo
what the happened in Fullerton if
anybody can tell us what this cop did
wrong it's you okay if you are new to my
videos I'm a very strong critic police
departments and tend to rip apart their
actions when they use bad tactics okay
so other than that the other thing you
need to know is that I hate Fullerton PD
we have a long history of criticism what
did this kind of do wrong nothing
nothing what can be expected in a
situation like this the use of time
distance to cover
he tried that's when he went around the
back of the vehicle like that when he
gets here what does he observe a woman
with a firearm you and I know after the
fact that it's not real there are people
who can tell the difference at distance
there's not a lot of them and there are
very very very few they could do it
under stress so from there he's got to
make a decision what to do this isn't a
kid playing in a park with a toy gun the
this is somebody that got stopped and
got out of the vehicle with a firearm on
a freeway there's there there's other
people at risk he engages doesn't use an
excessive amount of force it's not like
he dumped 45 rounds into this woman from
there he backs out calls the medics
before securing the scene before even
clearing the car that's outside of of
standards okay but it's bed care not
delayed it then he goes to render aid
there's another person that shows up he
kind of takes him at his word that he's
a cop they from the video does not
appear that they know each other there's
a question as to why he was just
standing over her
afterward asking or where she said while
he's doing that he's putting on her
glove his gloves now he may have also
been patting her down which is also
normal that standard and people asked
why she was cuffed
he doesn't know at the time how severely
she's wounded we know after the fact he
doesn't know at the time for all he
knows when he goes to roll her over
she's gonna have a second weapon all of
that's normal that delay where it just
looks like he's standing there looking
at her when his hands come back up you
can see the gloves on and he may have
been patting her down in that time -
which is also normal from there they
pull out the medical kit and begin
rendering aid the medical kit they use I
would be surprised if that was a
standard kit but it's better than than
what I imagine they're they're issued it
may be standard but it was well packed
they did everything they could they
applied the tourniquet in the chest seal
I mean they're nothing there's nothing
tactically that this officer did wrong
in any way you know when he's at the
back of the vehicle you can argue you
know about well maybe he should have
tried to talk her down maybe yeah maybe
but that's not expected that that's not
something that is it's not a reasonable
request necessarily given everything
that's going on now this can open the
debate to whether or not there should be
a don't fire until fired upon policy but
I would point out while that's a topic
in a debate to be had it's not policy
and it's not standard you know this is
that's not a national standard and I
don't know that there's anything that he
did they could have changed the outcome
of this from everything that I see
everything that's been presented so far
the only times he stepped outside of
what the norm is and what standards are
and what best practices are it's
not delayed it yeah so there you go
now you can take this and run with it
any way you want there are a lot of
discussions that can be had from this
incident but none of them have to do
with that police tactics if I'm hot
washing this the only critique I have is
that this guy needs to get to the range
and run some drills because his uh some
of the weapons handling is not great but
it was nothing that caused an unjust
shoot this wasn't a kid in a playground
where one could reasonably expect it to
be a toy this is somebody who got out a
vehicle holding it and then pointed it
at the officer that was a shooting
stance I don't so there you go I hope
that answers the questions there's not
that there's nothing that this cop did
that any reasonable person even
extremely experienced would do
differently you you might have had
somebody try to talk her down but it's
not gonna be many it's not gonna be many
anyway so there you go it's just a
thought y'all have a good night or day